AWS Cloud Formation is AWS is infrastructure as code service.
AWS Cloud formation allows you to model
your entire infrastructure in a text file template,
allowing you to provision AWS resources based on the scripts you write.
This is an example of a Cloud formation script.
Notice, we are able to provision EC2 instances, VPCs, and sub-nets.
The templates are written using text,
either JSON or YAML.
You can write one from scratch,
or re-use a blueprint provided by AWS.
Cloud formation scripts can be created using
a visual designer with drag and drop components.
Since your infrastructure is now code,
you can check your scripts into version control and even
review the files with your team in order to receive feedback.